Add FileConnector changes (#1436)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/file-connector/file-connector-example.md

It will have two HTTP API resources, which are `create` and `read`. 

> * `/create `: User sends the request payload which includes the location where the file needs to be saved and the content needs to be added to the file. This request is sent to WSO2 EI by invoking the FileConnector API. It will save the file in the specified location with the relevant content. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/create `: The user sends the request payload, which includes the location where the file needs to be saved and the content needs to be added to the file. This request is sent to WSO2 EI by invoking the FileConnector API. It saves the file in the specified location with the relevant content. 
```

Author: Done

    <p><img src="/assets/img/connectors/FileConnector-03.png" title="Adding a Rest API" width="800" alt="Adding a Rest API" /></p>

> * `/read `: User sends the request payload which includes the location of the file which it needs to be read. This request is sent to WSO2 EI where the FileConnector API resides. Once the API is invoked, it first checks if the file exists in the specified location. If exists, the content is read and response is sent to the user. If the file does not exist, it sends an error response to the user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/read `: The user sends the request payload, which includes the location of the file that needs to be read. This request is sent to WSO2 EI where the FileConnector API resides. Once the API is invoked, it first checks if the file exists in the specified location. If it exists, the content is read and response is sent to the user. If the file does not exist, it sends an error response to the user. 
```

Author: Done

{!references/connectors/importing-connector-to-integration-studio.md!} 

## Creating the Integration Logic

1. Right click on the created Integration Project and select, -> **New** -> **Rest API** to create the REST API. 
    <img src="/assets/img/connectors/adding-an-api.png" title="Adding a Rest API" width="800" alt="Adding a Rest API"/>

2. Provide the API name as File Connector and the API context as `/fileconnector`.

3. First we will create the `/create` resource. Right click on the API Resource and go to **Properties** view. We use a URL template called `/create` as we have two API resources inside single API. The method will be `Post`. 
    <img src="/assets/img/connectors/filecon-3.png" title="Adding the API resource." width="800" alt="Adding the API resource."/>

> 4. In this operation we are going to receive input from user which are `source` and `inputContent`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In this operation we receive input from the user, which is `source` and `inputContent`. 
```

Author: Done

>     - source - location of the file is going to be created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - source - location that the file is going to be created.
```

Author: Done

    - inputContent - what needs to be written to the file. 

> 5. The above two parameters are saved to properties. Therefore drag and drop property mediator to the design view and do as shown below. For further reference, you can read about [Property mediator](https://ei.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/micro-integrator/references/mediators/property-Mediator/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The above two parameters are saved to properties. Drag and drop the property mediator onto the canvas in the design view and do as shown below. For further reference, you can read about the [Property mediator](https://ei.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/micro-integrator/references/mediators/property-Mediator/).
```

Author: Done

    <img src="/assets/img/connectors/filecon-1.png" title="Adding a property" width="800" alt="Adding a property"/>

6. Add the another Property Mediator to get the InputContent value copied. Do the same as in the above step. 
    - property name: InputContent
    - Value Type: EXPRESSION
    - Value Expression: json-eval($.inputContent)

> 7. Now drag and drop create operation of the File Connector to the Design View as shown below. Set the parameter values as below. We use the property values that we add in step 4 and 5 in this step as `$ctx:source` and `$ctx:inputContent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Drag and drop the create operation of the File Connector to the Design View as shown below. Set the parameter values as below. We use the property values that we added in step 4 and 5 in this step as `$ctx:source` and `$ctx:inputContent`.
```

Author: Done

    <img src="/assets/img/connectors/file-con2.png" title="Adding createFile operation" width="800" alt="Adding createFile operation"/>

> 8. Finally add a Respond Mediator as user needs to see the response. Now we are done with creating the first API resource, and it is displayed as below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Add a Respond Mediator as the user needs to see the response. Now we are done with creating the first API resource, and it is displayed as shown below. 
```

Author: Done

    <img src="/assets/img/connectors/filecon9.png" title="First API Resource" width="800" alt="First API Resource"/>

> 9. Now we can create the next API resource which is `/read`. From this we are going to read the file content from a user specified location. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Now we can create the next API resource, which is `/read`. From this we are going to read the file content from a user specified location. 
```

Author: Done

10. As described in step 3, drag and drop another API resource to the design view. Use the URL template as `/read`. The method will be POST. 
    <img src="/assets/img/connectors/apiResource.png" title="Adding an API resource" width="800" alt="Adding an API resource"/>

> 11. In this operation user sends the file location as the request payload. It will be written to property as we did in step 10. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. In this operation, the user sends the file location as the request payload. It will be written to the property as we did in step 10. 
```

Author: Done

    <img src="/assets/img/connectors/filecon4.png" title="Adding property mediator" width="800" alt="Adding property mediator"/>

12. Then we are going to check if the file actually exists in the specified location. We can use `isFileExists` operation of the File Connector. 
    <img src="/assets/img/connectors/filecon5.png" title="Adding property mediator" width="800" alt="Adding property mediator"/>

13. Then we copy the `isFileExists` response to a property mediator. Add another property mediator and add values as shown below. 
    <img src="/assets/img/connectors/filecon6.png" title="Adding property mediator" width="800" alt="Adding property mediator"/>

> 14. Based on its response we decide if we read the file or print an error to the user. In this case, we use a Switch Mediator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. Based on its response, we decide if we read the file or print an error to the user. In this case, we use a Switch Mediator.
```

Author: Done

    <img src="/assets/img/connectors/filecon7.png" title="Adding switch mediator" width="800" alt="Adding switch mediator"/>

> 15. Drag and drop the read operation to the **case** in the Switch mediator. To the default case log an error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15. Drag and drop the read operation to the **case** in the Switch mediator. In the default case, log an error. 
```

Author: Done
